Component-level repair
Selling of assemblies vs individual parts
Anti-repair design
  Rivets, glue
Non-OEM parts
Serialized parts
Price
Faster repair time


Computer Technology

Devices such as phones, laptops, and desktops all need to be repaired at some point or another. Right to repair aims to give consumers the ability to take
their devices to an independant (not affiliated with the manufacturer) repair provider, or even fix it themselves if they choose. Right to repair's primary
impact on the personal computer market would be the lowering of repair costs. Allowing independant repair providers the resources nessesary to fix a device
would increase consumers' options when it comes to getting their device repaired, denying manufacturers the ability to monopolize repair of their devices and
drive up the price. In addition, independant repair providers are far more likely to be close to the consumer, and can often perform repairs as consumers come
in, meaning they don't have to wait days to get their device fixed. Given that the cost of a repair is the most important factor in a consumer's decision
between replacing or repairing a product (https://article.images.consumerreports.org/prod/content/dam/surveys/Consumer_Reports_Right_to_Repair_Survey_2021 pg3),
dropping the price of repairs would almost certainly increase the percentage of consumers who choose to get their devices repaired.

Activists for Right to Repair in the field of computer technology frequently seek the resources to perform component-level repair. This means that, instead of
replacing a devices' entire mainbord when a capacator is shorted, a repair technitian can instead find and replace the broken capacator, a component that is sold
very cheaply in large quanities, and make the device functional again. That's a pretty dramatic reduction in price. But without schematics to the mainboard of a
device, independant repair technitians cannot identify the broken component, meaning consumers have to go to the manufacturer or "authorized" repair technitian
for a mainboard replacement. (Manufacturers, such as Apple, don't offer component level repair and often prohibit authorized repair services from providing it.)

Additionally, manufacturers frequently choose to use things like rivets and glue instead of screws to hold parts of a device together, making it more difficult
and risky to perform a repair on a device. Apple is known to have their devices read the serial numbers of their parts, meaning identical OEM
(original equipment manufacturer) parts will serve popups to the user saying that the new parts cannot be verified as genuine. In addition,
devices have been reported to deny or limit functionality to the user if the parts in the device aren't the original parts. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FY7DtKMBxBw) 

It is worth noting that some manufacturers, such as Framework and Fairphone, have made it their mission to create devices that are designed to be repaired, upgraded, 
and used for long periods of time.

(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0NCjoUx-KLI)
